ubuntu@ip-172-31-80-219:~/GitHub/Project_5-Cloud-DevOps-Engineer-Capstone/microservices-demo-master$ kubectl apply -f ./release/kubernetes-manifests.yaml
deployment.apps/emailservice created
service/emailservice created
deployment.apps/checkoutservice created
service/checkoutservice created
deployment.apps/recommendationservice created
service/recommendationservice created
deployment.apps/frontend created
service/frontend created
service/frontend-external created
deployment.apps/paymentservice created
service/paymentservice created
deployment.apps/productcatalogservice created
service/productcatalogservice created
deployment.apps/cartservice created
service/cartservice created
deployment.apps/loadgenerator created
deployment.apps/currencyservice created
service/currencyservice created
deployment.apps/shippingservice created
service/shippingservice created
deployment.apps/redis-cart created
service/redis-cart created
deployment.apps/adservice created
service/adservice created

